# self-matching (Eurex)

Self-match prevention is an optional functionality which allows a business unit to prevent that certain own orders of the same instrument match against each other. Self-match prevention is supported during continuous trading, but not in any matches in an auction or order book uncrossing. Self-match prevention is not supported for synthetic matching, i.e. it does not prevent matches between orders of different instruments.

When an incoming order (in the extended sense as defined in chapter 7.1 of the Eurex Functional Reference Guide) and a book order would match against each other, T7 checks whether they are owned by the same business unit and whether they carry the same user supplied cross ID. If that is the case, the match between the two orders is prevented and the quantity which would have matched is removed from the order quantity, for both the incoming order and the book order. For a book order that would have partially matched, the total order quantity is reduced by the quantity that would have matched, and the remainder remains on the book. A book order that would have fully matched is deleted.

For the incoming order, if there is still a remaining open quantity left after its quantity is reduced by the prevented match quantity, then this remainder of the incoming order is allowed to match further, also on further price levels. It is also possible that further matches on the first and further price levels are again prevented due to self-match prevention. After matching completed on all available price levels, any remaining open quantity left for the incoming order is written to the order book